Day-1(26-0302023)
We team discussed which project theme have to takeup but the things we are getting ideas are just like a small programs which take less time and also minor functionalities in them. Then  we selected AI theme projects like object detector, face recognizer, voice recognizer etc., apart from these we selected " Voice Assistant " using python, Although we dont have any subject knowledge in them but we decided to split our work. Firstly we together gathered som libraries and its functionalities which will be helpful in the project. Then we selected to do this project in the way of RAPID APPLICATION model which we learnt in 2year 1st Sem from Software Engineering Subject. so we divided 3 modules. 
Module 1 is defines main of the project it includes initalizations of recognizers,wishing to user(which we decide to add at last), general basic commands(like hai,how are you)
Module 2 is defines for Commands to open external sources like Open Beehacks, Open SRIT,etc we added more than 20 popular sites also and this module also include some system commands like Sleep,Shutdown,Change background(changes wallpaper background)
Module 3 is defines for games like random number picker,roll dice etc but we thought with some assumptions to integrate with the assistant however expecting some good result after integration with main module.

Problems Faced:
The libraries are ambigous for us and their syntaxes also not understandable easily then we started executing them separatly in IDLE,Vscode.Another problem we faced is what will be the name of assistant and its bashful to expose that we taken more than 2hrs for it but and also tried different voices for them which will be suitable. Unfortunetly we failed to select name accurately but for temporary purpose we choose name " eleena " with female voice. another problem is to define works for all of us then after discussing which work will be suitable is allocated to all.

Day-2 (26-03-2-2023)
As per modules we started working, Module 2 is completed fastly and then started integration with it.
This integration task is very harder than others and faced many problems like intendation, modules errors,excpetions,looping errors etc., Due to these we sacrifised some features because of internal logical errors which takes longer time.Then we tested code multiple times for its performance & accuracy and stored this integrated file as 1 extra copy for backup.
Later Module 3 is  ready for integration and here we faced major problem that how to integrate this to main module. Then decided to use function calling methods from other user defined packages named as games. At first we added only 3 games later tried to add 2 more games atlast finally integrated 4 games(due to technicall errors) to main module from module 3.

Big Crash of the project
Suddenly the code not worked in main laptop which we used to integrate all. I felt that this is the project and spent many hours for solving it later I shared main code to my team members. It executed for them but not for me because of my fault experiment with the setings of them.

Integration is continued with teammates and module2,module3 integrated after heavy errors which are rectified.stored this file for backup again

Now final module is module1 ready for integration and this module 1 caused another disaster to the project. The problem now is that for some commands or no commands we are getting same response simply again looping or faulty error. we removed that respinse related commands but getting same response. Then we just go to backward of the project that started integration from module2.


